{"0":{"0":"4.0 star rating","1":"5.0 star rating","2":"5.0 star rating","3":"5.0 star rating","4":"5.0 star rating","5":"3.0 star rating","6":"2.0 star rating","7":"4.0 star rating","8":"4.0 star rating","9":"4.0 star rating","10":"5.0 star rating","11":"2.0 star rating","12":"3.0 star rating","13":"5.0 star rating","14":"3.0 star rating","15":"3.0 star rating","16":"3.0 star rating","17":"4.0 star rating","18":"4.0 star rating","19":"5.0 star rating","20":"5.0 star rating","21":"5.0 star rating","22":"5.0 star rating","23":"2.0 star rating","24":"5.0 star rating","25":"4.0 star rating","26":"1.0 star rating","27":"5.0 star rating","28":"5.0 star rating","29":"3.0 star rating","30":"4.0 star rating","31":"2.0 star rating","32":"4.0 star rating","33":"2.0 star rating","34":"1.0 star rating","35":"5.0 star rating","36":"5.0 star rating","37":"5.0 star rating","38":"4.0 star rating","39":"5.0 star rating","40":"3.0 star rating","41":"4.0 star rating","42":"4.0 star rating","43":"4.0 star rating","44":"5.0 star rating","45":"4.0 star rating","46":"4.0 star rating","47":"4.0 star rating","48":"3.0 star rating","49":"4.0 star rating","50":"4.0 star rating","51":"4.0 star rating","52":"4.0 star rating","53":"4.0 star rating","54":"4.0 star rating","55":"3.0 star rating","56":"1.0 star rating","57":"3.0 star rating","58":"5.0 star rating"},"1":{"0":"Leave a yelp review for free boba","1":"TL;DR: An affordable apartment complex with great amenities and facilities, in addition to excellent service and free parking. Ask for Anthony Saldana to help you out when looking for your next lease.IMT at the Med Center has the best rates anywhere, hands down. Now, depending on the time of year and demand, your experience may vary, but I can personally attest to receiving a lease where when split equally amongst all members living at the apartment, I pay under $500 a month (not including utilities) for my own bedroom and bathroom. \u00a0IMT's apartments aren't the biggest or most glamorous, but for college students, those just out of college in the area, or anyone looking for a good apartment on a budget, this is the perfect option. Perks include its location literally a walk of mere seconds away from the nearest metro stop, free parking, communal washer and dryers, a beautiful pool, gym, and even an entire theatre room for residents to reserve for personal use. For the unbeatable price, and the special deal I got of a $300 cash gift card when signing up, the deal was superior to any other offer in a 20 mile radius. In addition, Anthony Saldana, the representative who I was fortunate enough to have work with me on my lease, made the process of working out any details or concerns extremely easy. Do yourself a favor and ask for him when you come visit IMT.The apartment complex itself is clean, and the units span a multitude of sizes and flooring options. Do yourself a favor and head over to the main office, grab a free cup of coffee and a warm cookie, and take a seat at Mr. Saldana's desk the next time you're looking for a new apartment.","2":"TL;DR: legit, authentic hand pulled noodles. Dumplings are probably the best you can get in west Texas, though not great by regular standards. The beef noodle soup, however, is excellent for anywhere in the U.S.I think at any given time, you can count the number of Taiwanese people in Midland on one hand, even if it's missing a few fingers. I happen to be one of those people and have had my fair share of beef noodle soup, In Taipei, Beijing, Houston, New York, and LA. This place's beef noodle soup honestly stacks up well against most of the locations I've been to. The broth here isn't super heavy on beef flavor. It's visibly lighter in color, lacking some of the depth and richness I'd typically associate with classic beef noodle soup. However, it's nevertheless a great broth and it's one that's easy to drink and pairs well with the noodles, while still delivering a satisfying beefy flavor with plenty of different aromatics. The highlight here, though, are the noodles, hand pulled right in front of you and freshly boiled for every bowl. These noodles are perfectly cooked, with a great texture and mouthfeel that only hand pulled noodles can deliver. Accompanied by the broth and 5 or 6 pieces of leaner beef with a good blend of gelatinous tendon and meat, it makes for a great bowl of noodles.I also tried the steamed pork dumplings, per my servers recommendations, and I have to admit they were a little disappointing. While not bad by any means, they're pricey and a little small. For anyone who's had dumplings in another authentic Chinese restaurant, it's easy to discern the wrapper seems a little off (they just use noodle dough here probably), and the filling is far too mushy. It's served with some non traditional sweet soy dipping sauce, but they have hot oil and vinegar for those who want it.They also give you a little bowl of boiled, salted peanuts before the meal, a typical appetizer you find at a lot of restaurants in \u00a0 China, but usually not free in the US, actually. It's a nice touch on top of the excellent noodles that propels this place to 5 stars in my book.","3":"Best Asian bakery in Houston, hands down. I've been sleeping on this place as a long time Kamalan fan (which is still great), but just try a fresh bbq pork or pineapple bun after it comes out of the oven and you'll see why it surpasses every other place in Houston. Pork buns are filled with plenty of delicious meat, fat, and sauce, and the bread is fluffy and chewy. The pineapple buns are some of the best I've ever had, for just a buck, and are about the same as Kamalan's with a little more girth and topping, but a lower price. I also tried one of the coconut twist pastries, which was again, delicious and filled generously. 5\/5; please come here and stop giving 85 degrees business it doesn't deserve.","4":"This review is for the bakery. Listen, you shouldn't expect phenomenal bread here, just look at the price point compared to its competition in Sugar Land (just 85 degrees). But for the price (I got the on sale bread for a dollar per piece), it's a clear 5\/5. I had some coffee cream cheese large puffy bread, a taro bun, and a red bean mochi bun, and every single bread had a great chew to the dough and plenty of delicious filling. Each piece easily was on par or better than 85 degrees' competing product. Come here if you're going to go to 85, and pick up some groceries for the week with all the money you'll save.","5":"TL;DR: Huge portions of pretty authentic Cantonese food that fails to deliver on flavor due to under-seasoning and way too lean meat. Definitely not bad, though, and will satisfy a craving if you can afford this restaurant's relatively high prices.I've wanted to try this place for over a year now, but never bit the bullet. I finally did, and ordered roast duck, roast bbq pork, the wontons, and some stir fried pea shoots.I'll begin with the biggest problem this place faces: overly lean meat. Roast duck from Hong Kong shouldn't be a dish I feel healthy eating. The grease is part of the dish, and this place's duck really misses the mark because it lacks that classic, rich, savory and meaty mouthfeel that you get when you have a piece of roast duck. Most pieces were way too lean and while it didn't taste bad by any means, it wasn't what I think 90% of people who order the dish would be looking for. I will note, though, the portion is pretty decent here and it was one of the more fairly priced dishes.The barbecue pork suffered from the same leanness. About half the pork was similar to eating a dry pork tenderloin with some glaze that wasn't quite sweet or savory enough, while the other half had a perfect ratio of fat and lean meat. Again, a decent portion, though.The wontons here are definitely decent, large and stuffed with more shrimp than pork, it seems, but they suffer from the same deficiency I've already described twice. The pork in the wontons is simply too lean and makes for a more crumbly filling. The broth is alright, I'd recommend loading up on some hot oil for the wontons and white pepper in the soup; it's a little bland.Lastly, the vegetable dish was stir fried well, but desperately, desperately, needed salt. The price seemed a little ridiculous when ordering, but holy crap do they give you a lot. Pea shoots is usually one of the more expensive vegetables, but the portion here comfortably feeds 5. It's definitely stir fried well, but should honestly be in a smaller portion for a reduced price to be reasonable for most parties. Unfortunately, everything here is just lacking a little bit in flavor. There a few simple fixes this place needs to make to become a 5 star location; it's clear they have execution down for the most part. I wouldn't be inclined to try it again given the price point, but I hope my experience here was out of the usual. For now 3\/5.","6":"TL;DR: over priced teas that deliver far more on aesthetics than flavor. Bubbles are flavorless and tea is average at best. Wouldn't recommend at all.Any bubble tea lover has noticed the plethora of shops that have started to pop up all over Houston. Feng Cha is one of the latest additions, and I was hoping it would bring something a little different, but it's clear to me that they focus more on the colors and how instagrammable their beverages are, with little regard for how the tea actually tastes.I tried one of their premium beverages, the kiwi basil, 25% sugar and added boba, for a drink that came out to over 6 bucks with tax. I was expecting some damn good boba. The bright green of my drink looked pretty cool, i will admit, and with the suspended basil seeds, it would have probably made for a good picture. But upon taking my first \u00a0sip, a few things were immediately obvious:1. The tea is was bland. It was as if they had blended water with kiwi syrup and some fresh kiwi bits.2. The boba was bland, smaller than usual, and had a subpar texture. It was immediately clear they had not steeped it in honey or added any flavor after boiling it. They likely had also undercooked it since it lacked the softness and proper chewiness, along with being smaller than almost every boba shop (but not small enough to be mini boba).To sum up, the pears sucked, the tea sucked, and I paid 6 bucks. I also tried my friends fruity tea beverage that was also a special, and at the sugar level it was hard to discern anything wrong with the tea, but it was average at best, tasting of the standard passion fruit like syrup.I'm no expert, but i work at a bubble tea place myself, and I've tried almost every shop in Houston with more than one location, and every shop in chinatown. I can confidently say Feng Cha ranks amongst the lowest. 2\/5.","7":"This place is ridiculously priced, but I'd be lying if I didn't say it was good. At 4-5 dollars for a single taco, this isn't a place I'd come often. That being said, the variety of tacos they serve are interesting and cover a vast expanse of proteins and flavor profiles. I tried the holy pastor and the spicy shrimp, and have to admit both tasted great, with the spicy shrimp being the better of the two. The seasoning on the pastor was definitely a little too sweet, almost reminding me of a Mexican pulled pork with an overly sugary bbq sauce. However, with plenty of protein, toppings packing flavor combinations, and textures that actually worked really well together, this place easily blows Torchy's out of the water (even despite it being more overpriced in comparison. From the homemade salsas (get the red one if you like heat, but all three are delicious), delicious accoutrements on each taco, and great presentation with the hot taco holders that ensure your meal stays warm, this place definitely serves some delicious food. 4 stars, because I can understand the price point when there is a dirth of good food in Midland.","8":"TL;DR: modern American along side neopolitan-style brick oven pizza. Easily some of the best food in Odessa\/ Midland, but it definitely isn't cheap.Cork and Pig is a welcome sight in the Midland\/Odessa area; it's a modern American restaurant that could easily stand toe to toe with any restaurant in Houston or Austin, and serves fairly small menu of burgers, salads, entrees and pizzas, none of which are cheap, but all of which are executed well and delicious by any city's standards. I was able to try three of the appetizers as well, and have to admit all 3 were worth wordering. The calamari was fried and seasoned well and accompanied by some home made cocktail and tartar-like sauces carrying some extra spice that made it extra tasty. The fried artichoke, however, was a surprisingly delicious dish, fried in a similar batter to the calamari, but without any sort of funky taste or texture many associate with artichokes. With the spicy aioli and tartar sauces, it was definitely a great way to start the meal. The deviled eggs, while not my thing, were raves about by others at the table. I ordered the rotating fish special, which at the time was a grilled and blackened swordfish steak ($36) and chose a side of the vegetable of the day, which was saut\u00e9ed green beans, cabbage, and mushrooms in soy, lemon, and olive oil. I've only had swordfish a few times, but I have to admit this was the best execution I've ever had. Swordfish is typically pretty lean and meaty, and though I think I recurved a tail-end piece that was fattier, it was still surprisingly tender to me. It was seasoned pretty heavily, which I appreciated, and the lemon butter sauce accompanying it added some richness that worked well with the swordfish meat and the heavy blackened seasoning. The dish itself wasn't anything special, in all honesty, and I found the portion to be pretty small for the price (probably 5-6 oz and not a thick piece), but the cook on the fish was excellent and it certainly tasted great (albeit a tad oily, as it was sitting in a small pool of it). The vegetables were nothing special, but well seasoned, fresh, and a good change of pace from the standard steamed mush one would get at any other American restaurant in Midland.Other entrees here look extremely promising, especially the entire beef short rib, the steaks, and even the pizzas. I will certainly be back, and I highly recommend Cork and Pig any time you're willing to drop a little more money on a good meal.","9":"TL;DR: Very affordably priced ramen and sushi sets, but nothing spectacular in terms of quality. Skip the rolls. Tamashi's success, in my opinion, is due to its optimal location and pricing, rather than the food itself. By no means is the food here bad, and in fact it definitely is pretty solid, but there are multiple locations in Houston I'd definitely rather go for either ramen or sushi. I've ordered the sushi combo with 2 pieces each of tuna, salmon, and escolar sashimi, 6 nigiri (but one is kani), and an entire salmon roll, and I must admit there probably isn't anywhere else where you can get that much food for only 15$. Nothing here is bad, but the sushi quality here isn't stunning, and I'd rate it only a little higher than Kura. Still, Tamashi definitely makes an effort with nice presentation, and the finishing touches of soy on the yellowtail or the crispy fried garlic on the escolar nigiri are tasty and visually appealing.  The biggest disappointment here are the rolls. That's where Tamashi makes money back. We ordered a caterpillar roll, and it was probably one of the worst sushi rolls I've ever had. Mostly made of rice, lacking fish or flavor, and at over 10 bucks, it was an item that pretty much rendered any other money we saved on the other items moot.The ramen here is definitely nothing to rave about. It tops places like Fukuoka in terms of broth quality, and the toppings on the ramen are definitely solid, but the broth falls flat when compared to any real ramen place like Jinya or Tastu-Ya. However, it'll do in a pinch and the noodles here are pretty tasty.A surprising stand out item here is the chashu don, which again, isn't the best, but for the price and large portion size, is definitely solid; as it even includes an entire properly cooked soft boiled egg. This place also deserves acclaim for the special they did a few months back with a free entr\u00e9e per person, regardless of if you purchased anything else. I came in with a party of 3 and literally had a receipt that read 0 dollars after 2 bowls of ramen and a sushi sampler (please don't be a jerk and tip, though).I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, because while it is cheaper than places like fukuoka or, it is only slightly so. In addition, they don't offer individual nigiri to order and there isn't much variety. Service here is solid, and it's a nice, cozy place that will do in a pinch for that sushi or ramen craving, but if you want the real deal for either, I'd suggest any of the other great locations for Japanese food that I've reviewed.","10":"I'm writing this review because I noticed that it was only rated 4 stars on yelp. Chick-fil-A is the best fast food restaurant to have graced this earth, bar none. I've ordered regular meals from this location as well as the catering a few times. Expect impeccable service, delicious chicken, and surprisingly high quality lemonade and coffee. It's probably a good thing they don't offer spicy chicken nuggets because that would pose a serious threat to my wallet.","11":"TLDR: Over rated Mediterranean cuisine with decent portion sizes and very average food. Come here for a healthy meal, but don't expect much else.I came here expecting to be blown away. Coming from Houston, I've tried my fair share of authentic Mediterranean food and experienced many different renditions of chicken shawarma. The version at Heroes is probably one of the worst, if I'm being honest. I ordered the chicken shawarma over biryani rice and hummus as a side. The dish looked promising, coming as a large portion with a decent amount of chicken and a heaping amount of rice. However I soon noticed the \"shawarma\" came as unusual large chunks of meat, instead of the typical thinner slices or pieces that would usually result from a vertical rotisserie. Though quantity here makes up for quality a little, the chicken was dry and lacked the aromatic spices characteristic of chicken shawarma. Though the biryani looked promising, it was over cooked, though seasoned nicely and seemed to be prepared well with some potatoes mixed in as a nice touch.The hummus was the last hope for this place, but that, too, was lackluster. It desperately needed seasoning of any sort, and at the very least accompaniment by some sort of pita or chip. The last surprise here was finding out that the biryani rice cost an extra dollar, something not disclosed when they asked if I wanted my chicken over white or biryani rice. However, If this dry chicken had been served over plain white rice, I might have lowered my rating to 2 stars. If there's one redeeming quality, it's that the service here is impeccable. I came at the beginning of dinner service on a Friday and the servers are incredibly friendly and willing to answer any questions you might have. Unfortunately, no amount of friendliness saves overcooked chicken and rice.","12":"I came in here initially about to order a burger, but to be honest, they looked lack luster and after seeing one customer send food back to the kitchen for an incorrect cook on her burger, I opted for the ahi tuna bowl after seeing some pictures on yelp. It's hard to screw this one up; it's a salad with some ahi you only need to cook for about a minute. The dressing was pretty good, and paired well with the southwest vibe They we're going for with corn, beans, queso fresco, and avocado in the salad. The portion of tuna was tiny, though, maybe about 3 ounces. I'm not too inclined to return, as the burgers other members of my party ordered looked average at best. The Mac and cheese burger looked flat out like a dry patty with some white velveeta shells, and not much else. The milk shakes do look solid, though, and maybe the spiked ones will make you forget how you paid almost 9 bucks or more for just an average burger. I tried some of the fries as well; they were again average at best and only slightly less tasty than the comparable product from the prestigious restaurant not too far away, known to some as the Golden Arches.Maybe this is a little harsh, considering I opted for a salad bowl at a burger place, but i can't see how an overpriced average burger joint warrants higher than a 3 star rating.","13":"This HEB is legendary. Coming from Houston, I had fairly low expectations for the food scene in Midland. My expectations were appropriate, but that's where HEB came in to save the day. Praise god for this monstrous store that is a testament to how amazing HEB is. I'm not a big fan of a lot of over hyped Texan things like whataburger or blue bell, but HEB is God's gift to Texas. This is literally the biggest and best store I've yet to see; they have everything, and a killer produce and meat section that includes dry aged beef. Always a 5\/5.","14":"I didn't expect the barbecue out of an HEB to be amazing, but I also didn't expect it to be very pricey. Fortunately and unfortunately, True Texas BBQ is both of the above.I've walked by this place multiple times while shopping, but could never pull the trigger given the price point. I finally splurged on some brisket, sausage, beans and creamed corn after hearing more than a few people around the office recommend it, and can attest that pretty much everything is top notch here, especially the brisket.Sausage is average at best, and the sides, while solid, are nothing mind blowing. Don't get me wrong, this place can certainly satisfy that craving for some good Texan BBQ, and apparently they even have beef ribs on Fridays, which definitely look worth trying. Not bad, but nothing spectacular in my opinion, and a little over priced. 3 stars.","15":"Clear springs cafe is a solid choice if you're looking to get some classic Texan fare. The fried options (steak, chicken, catfish, etc) all seem pretty solid, and I can attest that the chicken fried chicken is \u00a0quite a bit above average. The gravy was a tad bland, but the portion is generous, and the meat itself is moist, a quality that eludes many chicken breast dishes. Chicken dishes here in general are executed pretty well. The charbroiled chicken here is also a decent heathy option and doesn't actually suffer from the dry, sandy condition that plagues a lot of grilled chicken at restaurants.This place fills up quickly for lunch; it was literally a full house within 15 minutes of opening on a Sunday, and service is pretty slow as a result. I'd be inclined to give it a 3.5 if I could, but since nothing blew me away, I can't give it more than 3. Still, a solid lunch or dinner option.","16":"TL;DR: Pretty great standard American fare with excellent in house-brewed beer. Definitely try the duck wings appetizer, but I wouldn't recommend a burger unless you like it well done.Zero One Ale House is an establishment that has a lot of potential, but just falls short in the execution of some of their menu items. I started out my lunch with the duck wings appetizer, and I would definitely have to say that it was the best dish served to our party that meal. The duck meat is seasoned with a Thai curry- inspired glaze, and the meat comes off the bone easily. The meat isn't the most tender, but definitely has a distinct duck taste that makes for an interesting and delicious appetizer.Unfortunately, it was down hill from there. Our table shared the brew house burger, cheddar blanket burger, and seared ahi, and it's hard for me to complement any of the dishes. Though the burgers looked amazing, the patties were lackluster, dry, a little crumbly, and under seasoned.They don't ask you how you like your burger cooked here either, implying that they might come as precooked, frozen patties, which is a bit what they tasted like. The pork belly on the brew house burger, which was the main draw of the dish for us, was executed poorly, and added only a thick slab of dry pork topped with a layer of chewy fat and a skin that was hard, but not quite crispy, the cheese burger was a little better, I suppose, if you really like cheese, but again lacked proper execution in my opinion, and would have done better with a thinner cheese circle. Parts of it were extremely thick and not really melted, making for a greasy, chewy mess. The ahi tuna was also a bit of a let down, just because the portion was so tiny. Aside from that and the far over cooked and mushy rice, it was an okay dish at best. The only thing I can compliment are the sweet potato fries, which were seasoned and cooked well, with very crispy exteriors and soft, sweet interiors.Zero One Ale House certainly has the capacity to execute dishes really well and serve some great bar food to accompany their excellent selection of beers. Their menu already looks excellent, and perhaps I just had a bad experience. If they had just executed each dish a little better, I could easily see this being a 5 star location. For now, 3 stars.","17":"TL;DR: Delicious, affordable, authentic Mexican cuisine served up in big portions. The fajitas are a particularly great deal in my opinion, but everything on the menu seems to be worth trying.Coming from Houston, I can attest that this place is probably better than 90% of Mexican places I've tried, and better than 100% of places when it comes to price point. I was able to try both the mixed fajitas and the Carne Asada on this visit, and can attest that both were quite good.The mixed fajitas ($14) for one was probably the best deal I've ever seen for fajitas. In Houston, they're extremely over priced; I could easily see the same dish costing upwards of $20, if not much more. The dish comes with loads of chicken, beef, and 3 large shrimp, in addition to a hefty portion of the typical accouterments, including a good amount of guacamole. Though the beef was admittedly a little tough, it was definitely forgivable considering the portion and how well seasoned it was. The carne asada came as 3 pretty large, but very flat slices of what was probably sirloin, amounting to a pretty typical portion of meat, but accompanied by a whole lot of rice, guac, salsa, and tortillas. The beef, being pretty thin, wasn't overly tough or anything, but definitely could have used a harder sear or some more char, in addition to a little more salt. However, it was still an enjoyable dish over all.Service here, too was excellent, especially given how crowded they were during the Sunday lunch that I was there for. I definitely see myself returning in the future to try other parts of their menu; 4 stars.","18":"TL;DR: Surprisingly good poke by any city's standards, but especially for West Texas. All the typical toppings are included free of charge and protein portions are pretty large; definitely a solid place to satisfy the poke craving when you get tired of tacos and BBQ.I was extremely skeptical about poke in midland, but if you're craving something outside of Midland's endless supply of tacos, fried steak, BBQ, and fast food, this is a great change of pace. Coming from Houston, I had no expectation for Ohana to be even half as good as the poke there, but I was pleasantly surprised.To those unfamiliar with poke, it's essentially a \"build your own bowl\" style of restaurant originating from Hawaii with with Asian ingredients, typically with raw fish as the main protein. Fish here is actually quite fresh, and if raw fish isn't your thing, they also offer a variety of cooked options, including shrimp and teriyaki chicken. At Ohana, all your standard rice bases, in addition to zucchini noodles, and a typical sauce selection is available. This place shines particularly, though, for offering pretty large scoops of protein, and as much of each topping as you like. This includes full slices of (clearly store bought and a little overly sweet, but still full slices) tamago, lotus chips, toasted rice puffs, seaweed salad, and other various offerings. I would say the variety here in fact surpasses most places in Houston, making for a pretty great poke experience.The fault with this place is that they don't toss the fish in the sauce, and instead simply drizzle it over your base and protein, but that's a minor issue, easily forgivable since they actually have the sauces available on the side for customers to dress their bowl as they please.Seeing as this is the only poke place in all of Midland, I will inevitably return, and Id recommend anyone who enjoys sushi to give it a shot as well. 4 stars.","19":"Kura locations don't really vary too much, but this one is an exception. The reason this Kura gets five stars specifically is because of one item: the salmon belly nigiri. This plate boasts two huge slices of rich, buttery salmon for the same price as any other nigiri. These pieces are significantly larger than any other nigiri you'll encounter at kura, or most sushi places, period. For the price, it's a great deal. I'm remiss that I don't have any pictures to post, since my phone was dead and I wasn't expecting to write a review for this place.  If you're sleeping on the fried salmon kama, then I highly suggest getting it here as well, as during my last visit they gave me an enormous portion.Fill up on the salmon belly and fried kama and you'll be sure to have a good time.","20":"TL;DR: The best addition to Sugar Land in the past few years. Great poke with amazing varbase choices (quinoa!), tasty cooked options (try the bulgogi), a few unique toppings, huge portions, and incredible on tap kombucha. Sugar Land's food scene has been rapidly growing in the past few months, and Poketo is definitely a welcome addition. Prior to Poketo opening in Town Square, there was no good place to get poke. Poketo has gone above and beyond in not just providing a solid bowl to satisfy your poke craving, but also offering different twists on the dish that distinguish it in a positive way from Houston's lther places like Diced or Pokeworks.Poketo sets itself apart in having a menu with different bases and toppings, in addition to a large selection of cooked, seasoned proteins. In addition to the standard salad or white rice base, you can you enjoy quinoa, spinach and kale, zucchini noodles, soba noodles, and a couple other options (or mix a few, of you like). Moving onto proteins, Poketo only offers a limited raw selection, including only salmon, tuna, and the spicy varieties of those two (but really, that's all you need in my opinion). However, they offer some delicious cooked protein options as well, and they give pretty big scoops of protein. The beef bulgogi, though not really authentic, was tender and well seasoned, and the other cooked meats looked equally good. lThough you can only pick two protein choices, the two scoops easily equate to the same protein portion (or larger than) one would get at Pokeworks.The sauce and topping selection here is also respectable, as they offer all the standard sauces and toppings, in addition to some more unique ones like sweet plaintain (great if you're really hungry as it adds a lot of food) and wasabi peas. Lastly, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the excellent kombucha on tap. I really prefer kombucha that aren't too sweet, and the Yerba mate I tried was absolutely perfect. It is a tad expensive, but hey, it's kombucha, and it goes great with the massive poke bowls here.To sum up, if you're looking for a quick, healthy, filling, delicious meal, I'd highly suggest Poketo, regardless of if you like poke or not. 5 stars, the best place I've been to in Sugar Land in the last couple years, and definitely my favorite spot in Town Square.","21":"The Halal Guys consistently delivers delicious, inexpensive meals. For under $8.50, you can enjoy a large dish of delicious yellow rice topped with your choice of gyro, seasoned chicken or falafel, accompanied by some lettuce, tomatoes, onion, pita bread, and of course, their delicious sauce. I'm not as much of a fanatic about their white sauce, a seasoned creamy mayo\/ranch- like sauce, as others, but it does definitely make the entire dish and sets Halal Guys apart. When combined with their incredibly spicy but delicious red sauce, it makes for one of the most delicious meat+rice platters that put Chipotle burrito bowls to shame. 5 stars, every time.","22":"TL;DR: One of very few places in Houston where you can get fairly authentic and high quality Korean food. For a little over $20, you can enjoy an AYCE menu with three items, but the dishes here are also good, in addition to being accompanied by excellent service.Houston suffers from a dirth of good korean food, especially when compared to cities of comparable size. The area around Seoul Garden is as close as you get to a Korea Town in Houston, and there are a few spots in the region where you can actually enjoy a good Korean meal. Seoul Garden is one of the best ones.Seoul garden has a fairy large menu that encompasses all sorts of stews, dumplings, shareable hot pots, noodles, and Korean Barbecue. If you're okay with spending a little more for better quality KBBQ than most other places in Houston, I suggest the AYCE option, which includes thinly sliced beef brisket, thinly sliced pork shoulder, and thick (seriously thicc, not like the crappy stuff at Jin) cut pork belly, served with salad and a stew of your choice. The thing that stands out about Seoul Garden is the meat quality. Compared to Jin, it's about 3 or 4 times better. Thinly sliced meats are actually thin and have a pretty good meat to fat ratio. In addition, the grill here is actually hot and uses flames at the bottom rather than an induction top like at Jin. This means it's easy to get a good sear and nice char on your meat. The flame is a little close to the grill top, though, and it's not difficult to have your meat catch on fire if you're hanging a piece dripping with fat over the grill. Though the brisket and pork shoulder were excellent and already pretty amazing on their own, the highlight of the AYCE option is the samgyupsal, or pork belly. Served one humongous slab at a time, this pork is easily 3\/4 to 1+ inch thick, and has a great layering of fat and meat. When you combine great meat with a good sear and some char, it's no doubt a 5-star item.Banchan here are also worth a mention, simply because of the huge variety that they provide, without sacrificing quality. Each one, including mat kimchi, radish kimchi, and bean sprouts is a better rendition than any place in Chinatown, and they have quite a few more unique additions, such as a savory potato or tofu based banchan. Though the KBBQ is excellent here, the Kimchi Jigae isn't bad either. Though I might have been biased since I was enjoying free flow piles of delicious high quality meat, I recall the kimchi jigae as a very flavorful, spicy, robust stew with plenty of kimchi, pork, and vermicelli mixed in. Finally, service also deserves a mention, as waiters are extremely attentive and kind, and can communicate in fluent English, as well as tolerate broken first year Korean. Make sure to ask for a plate of raw garlic to enjoy your samgyupsal with, or any other condiment you'd like.If this spot was in LA or even Dallas, it would face stiff competition. For Houston, though, it's definitely a 5-star spot worth returning to again and again.","23":"TL;DR: Overpriced, under-seasoned Tex-mex. The fajitas are okay, but will leave you hungry unless you order one pound per person, or eat an excessive amount of chips. Stay away from the guac here at all costs. Service wasn't good either.I'm not going to pretend I know much about authentic Mexican cuisine, but this can't be what it's supposed to be. I came here with a pretty large party and sampled a variety of dishes, splitting the 1 lb of beef fajitas with another person.This place has some solid free chips and salsa, but I stopped being impressed after that. When the appetizers, guac and queso came out, I was severely disappointed. The 8.99 guac came out as a plate of mashed avocado, with some cut up tomatoes and onions on the side, and a big ol stale thick tortilla wedge in the middle. There was almost definitely no salt or pepper in the guac, effectively making it a plate of mashed avocado. I really wonder then, what would happen if I ordered the mashed avocado, which was also on the menu. Would it just be a cut raw avocado in its shell?The main courses came out after a while, and to sum up, they were equally underwhelming. I tried my friends' spicy shrimp tacos, which came as two huge burrito sized tortillas filled with shrimp. Upon trying them, I realized they had forgotten to make the shrimp spicy, or any other flavor. At 31 dollars for two of those \"tacos\", though they were big, I felt cheated.My enteee, the fajitas, were admittedly, not bad. Served with a side of hot butter and rice and beans, I was pretty pleased at first. However, the cool cast iron box thing serves more of an aesthetic purpose and has no depth. The meager amount of beef on the top was finished between two medium sized people within 10 minutes.To top it off, service here is shoddy at best. Our server seemed to ignore the fact that he spilled something on me while serving entrees, and at the end of the meal, when the person I shared fajitas with asked for a single taco to go, pointing to the item on the ala carte menu, our brought out a taco platter priced at 20 dollars in a covered box, wrapped up so we couldn't see, and charged us for it on the final tab. Since the food wasn't bad, I'll give it an extra star, but El Tiempo definitely won't have my business again.","24":"TL;DR: Amazing service, huge portions, delicious food. Ask for Elvis; he's easily the best server I've had in years. Barnaby's is American food done right. You can expect humongous (seriously, you can easily split most dishes between two people, and leave full) portions of delicious food when you order almost any dish on the menu. I've tried burgers, the porkchops, the French dip, and also sampled the ribeye and chocolate cake, and can attest all are amazing. Even salads here look pretty damn good. Everything is made and cooked to order, and you can swap out sides to fit your preference. Sweet potato fries here are particularly good, and you can also get a side of char grilled asparagus if you're looking to be healthy. My most recent visit to Barnaby's prompted this review, as I experienced some of the best service out of any restaurant I've been to in years. Normally, service here is already very good, even when they're busy, but it was outstanding on this occasion. Our server, Elvis, was knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly, even gifting us a piece of chocolate cake on the house when he found out we were there on my brother's college graduation day. The chocolate cake itself was also delicious, and as expected, ridiculously large. 5 layers high with a delicious ganache-like frosting in between each layer, it made for a very, very rich and delicious dessert; one slice could easily be shared amongst 3 or 4. I'd say it was better than the Chocolate Bar or most places that claim to serve a good chocolate cake.I will definitely be coming back to try more from Barnaby's menu, and some of their other desserts, too. 5 stars.","25":"TL;DR: Tiger Noodle House boasts a very large selection of fairly authentic Chinese food comparable to a restaurant in Chinatown, but with \u00a0service and a price point that makes it appropriate for Rice Village. Try the pork belly (dong po rou), and stay away from the mapo tofu here. Rice Village has long since been lacking a real Chinese restaurant, and Tiger Noodle House is the first to fill this niche. Given the high concentration of students craving authentic Asian food nearby, it's no surprise that this place was crowded during dinner Friday night. It's not a big spot, so expect a wait if you come during peak hours.Our party ordered the Mongolian beef\/chicken, the mapo tofu, the pork belly (dong po rou), and kung pao chicken. All of the dishes definitely erred on the pricey side for this type of food, but that's always expected with Rice Village (they offer 10% off for Rice students!). Overall, dishes here can definitely fulfill that craving for authentic Chinese fare if you don't feel like going all the way to Chinatown, but some dishes are definitely a little lacking. We'll start with the good. The pork belly here is definitely a must get. In fact, there are places in China town that don't even do this dish as well. Though definitely a tad overpriced ($16), the dish comes with a pretty decent portion of slow cooked, tender pork belly. The fat is melt-in-your-mouth and the meat is pretty tender. The sauce isn't overly sweet or salty here, either. The Mongolian beef and kungpao chicken were okay, but nothing incredible. The two were not bad by any means. The chicken probably could have used some more spice. The mapo tofu was unfortunately one of the worst renditions I've had at an \"authentic\" Chinese restaurant. The seasoning was okay, but they actually fail to use silken tofu here, and instead use a firm tofu that just makes the texture wrong and throws the entire dish off. In addition, the portion is oddly small given it uses no expensive ingredients whatsoever, which made it seem more overpriced and disappointing. The food overall was really just okay. In Chinatown, I'm doubtful this place would survive. What really makes it stand out is the service. For authentic Chinese, it probably doesn't get better than this. At the end of our meal, our waiter accidentally charged us incorrectly. When we pointed it out, he took back our checks and went to redo the bill. To our surprise, he gave us the meal on the house to make up for the mistake, something that would pretty much never happen in Chinatown. Given the service, location, student discount, and the fact there are many other dishes I'm inclined to try on the vast menu here, I'm inclined to return. 4 stars.","26":"TL;DR:Might be okay, if you get lucky and get a seat with a grill that works. Otherwise, prepare for steamed meats and poor service. I cannot, in good conscience, recommend Jin for anything other than lunch. Given they have AYCE Kalbi for under $20, it isn't a bad deal at all, and it makes the terrible service and grill quality tolerable. However, at dinner, it's another story. If you look at any aspect of Jin, and compare it to any KBBQ place in LA or even Dallas, it's downright disappointing. Jin lacks actually thick cut pork belly, low quality chadol, and it's signature offerings like the Galbi steak (supposedly prime ribeye) are some of the weirdest pieces of beef you'll ever see. To make matter's worse, the grills barely work. This is really a 3-part failure. The first is the actual flame; it is too weak most seats (but acceptable at others) and inhibits your ability to sear the meat. The second is the grill itself; some have the nonstick black residue of the grill scraping off and you risk injecting it when cooking your meat. Lastly, the service (which isn't really directly affecting the grill, but I'd say it contributes towards a poor experience) is poor and it's difficult to get someone to change your girll or clear your plates around it. These three together make for a KBBQ experience sure to disappoint. Though I've already mentioned it, it really does need to be stated that service is extremely poor. Though you can turn on a light to bring a waiter to your table, it doesn't really matter since the waiter won't necessarily bring your order to the table. Often, orders just don't come and you'll have to remind your server multiple to bring something. After cooking meat, plates will also sit on the side of the table till you ask to have them cleared; even then, they might only clear some of them. My only hope is that when Gen opens in the area, Jin shapes up, or goes out of business so Gen can open a second branch in its place.","27":"Ono Poke faces some stiff competition in the area from Diced Poke, supposedly one of the best Poke places in the country, according to Yelp's top 100 restaurants in the USA, but I would argue Ono can definitely be better at times. Ono serves Poke with more of a Korean flair, and boasts some of the biggest protein portion sizes I've ever seen. Ono consistently serves big scoops of fish, and offer toppings like locally made kimchi and truffle oil. There might not be as many types of toppings as Diced, but there are more than enough; this place is certainly worth trying if you haven't yet.","28":"TL;DR: Come here during Happy Hour for amazing food at a great price point. Everything from the karaage to the ramen to the hand rolls is superb, and they have quite a few offerings with expensive ingredients like uni or foie gras that won't break the bank. Blackbird Izakaya is likely one of the best spots I've ever tried in Houston. At happy hour, this place is an incredible deal for $3 handrolls with a ton of fish and $6 bowls of ramen that are pretty large portions. The skewers, chicken karaage, and other offerings on the happy hour menu are equally great, and I definitely recommend ordering anything that you think sounds or looks good; it probably is. The happy hour ramen stood out to me in particular, with a silky, rich, flavorful broth that rivals any other ramen place in Houston, along with half a soft boiled egg and a large piece of chashu. The pork belly enoki skewer was also quite delicious, as was the salmon handroll. But really, almost everything was executed extremely well. I couldn't resist trying one of their specialty offerings, the scallop uni ikura ($8 per piece). Unfortunately, it looks better than it tastes; but to be fair it looks incredible, with an entire scallop, a pretty large portion of uni, and ikura spilling out over the sides of a seaweed wrap. But when put all in your mouth at once, as suggested by our server, it's just too much. The textures didn't work together as well as I expected, with the scallop simply taking up too much volume in your mouth while the flavor of the uni takes over and each component just becomes lost in another. I would have much rather enjoyed each component separately. Even despite the somewhat disappointing scallop-uni-ikura piece, this is still a 5 star place, no doubt. However, I would probably only recommend it during happy hour, as you get to try smaller portions of more things at a very reasonable price. I'm excited to try some of the foie gras offerings in future visits, and definitely plan on coming back for those handrolls and ramen.","29":"TL;DR: Very mediocre New American Seafood at an above average price point. Dishes either disappoint or are just okay, and service is also mediocre at best. Houston lacks any restaurant directly comparable to 1751 Sea and Bar. This New American Seafood restaurant doubles as a gin bar and boasts a pretty great drink selection, along with a decent happy hour to accompany it. During HH, you can enjoy half off drinks, and one or two dollar raw oysters, if that's your thing. During my visit for a Saturday night dinner, I sampled most of the small plates, in addition to the crispy snapper entree, and can only say that this place is average at best, and certainly not deserving of it's (no doubt, temporary) 5 star yelp rating.Though the menu looks promising, almost every dish seemed to be lacking something (or many things). I'll briefly go over each dish:Char Sui Pork belly: lean, dry, and not very flavorful pork on a bed of perhaps store bought kimchi. Also missing the grilled pineapple as described on the menu. Easily one of the worst dishes of the night. Note to owner: it's spelled Char Siu, not Sui; I don't think it translates correctly otherwise.Salmon Crudo: One of the better bites, but nothing special. Fresh fish with a pretty tasty sauce accompanied by a refreshing citrus garnish.Halibut Special: A special not listed on the menu. Well cooked pieces of fish wrapped in some sort of green onion, in a light broth with chili oil. One of my favorite small plates.Charred Octopus: Though not cut up and readily shareable as our waiter claimed the small plates were, very tender and accompanied by some well prepared greens and parsnips. Decent, but pricey, andI thought the octopus could have used some seasoning.Scallop Chawanmushi: Though this was highly appraised by our waiter, the dish was again, not very impressive. Steamed egg is a simple dish, and the scallop on top was over cooked.Mixed Vegetables Side: Mislabled. Though the menu reads \"snow pea greens\", this dish has saut\u00e9ed snow pea pods. I did like the seasoning and appreciated the spice, but disappointing considering we had ordered it for the snow pea greens. To the owner: please look up \"snow pea greens\" on Google images.Crispy Snapper Entree: This dish actually had snow pea greens, making the mislabeling of the vegetable side even worse. The fish was a tad over cooked in my opinion, and it was again accompanied by the store bought kimchi and some forgettable mushrooms and greens. Though service here is by no means poor, it isn't great either. At this price point, I definitely expected a little more. It wouldn't have saved the review, but a greeting from the manager, who was going around to some other tables, and just better service overall might have improved my perception of the meal.Houston's food scene has been blowing up this year and there are countless new restaurants of all price points and cuisines popping up all over town. However, to me, this place is not a welcome addition. 3 stars, barely.","30":"TL;DR: Contemporary Japanese Fare with unique and classic dishes at a high price point. Definitely come during the Sake Social for very affordable small plates and drinks. Uchi has long since made a name for itself in Houston as one of the most \u00a0(if not the most) well known resturants for high-end Japanese cuisine. Coming with a party of 10 people during my first visit, I was able to sample a large variety of the dishes and small plates, in addition to some of the nigiri, rolls, and desserts. Though I can attest that Uchi provides food and service distinctly better than the average Japanese place in Houston, I do think there are other Japanese resturants where your money would be better spent. First of all, I would reccomend coming here during happy hour, or \"Sake Social\" (which runs 5-7 pm) , and only during happy hour. Uchi's menu is comprised of both cold and hot tastings, in addition to nigiri, rolls, and seasonal specials, but without the Sake Social, you'll easily spend 70 to 80+ (unless you do one of the set courses) to leave satisfied. The Sake Social menu includes a pretty large variety of smaller versions of the standard menu items at a very reasonable price. Ordering mostly off of the Happy Hour menu and a few select things from the standard menu will ensure you have a filling, delicious, and not overly pricey experience. Some of the stand out happy hour dishes included the 72 hour short rib, the walu walu, and the sake kiwi. The 72 hour short rib (social short rib on Sake Social menu), though a small portion, is very well executed dish, composed of a delicious, slightly spicy sauce, with lotus root and a peanut garnish adorning some very tender cubes of short rib. Together, it makes for a great textural and flavorful experience. The sake kiwi could have used a touch of salt, but it was a great deal at only $6 for a solid portion of salmon, and definitely made for a tasty few bites. The walu walu, a oak grilled piece of escolar in a flavorful sauce, was a unique dish that changed my previously negative perception of escolar. I would highly reccomend trying almost everything from the Sake Social menu that sounds or looks good to you.A dish that fell short (very short) of expectations was the hot rock beef. Though it might make for a great Instagram pic or addition to your snapchat story, don't expect much else. For $17.50, you'll recieve 5 small pieces of \"wagyu\" that taste like average sirloin, accompanied by a simple ponzu dipping sauce. It's by no means bad-tasting, but I'd reccomend spending that money on a few sirloins at HEB, or at least any other dish on the menu. Rolls here are nothing too special, but the ones on the Sake Social menu are a pretty great deal, and are good to fill you up. The \"ham and eggs\", a pork belly roll served with a mustard dipping sauce, off of the standard menu is a little pricey, but a pretty unique and delicious roll worth trying at least once. I also got to sample both the dayboat scallop and foie gras nigiri; both were some of the most delicious bites of the entire dinner. Though nigiri here are a tad small, splurging for the foie piece is definitely worth it if you can afford it. Uchi's Desserts are as expected from any high end resturant. I tried the foie gras candy bar and fried milk, and can definitely only reccomend the latter. The foie gras candy bar, while not bad, is akin to an icecream bar with a layer of cake on the bottom (maybe slightly reminicient of foie if you try really hard to recall the taste when biting into it). The fried milk is more unique, and has several components including a delicious salted fudge and fried condensed milk balls that all work well together for a few delicious final bites to your meal. I would be remiss if I didn't say a word about the service at Uchi, which was excellent. Coordinating with a planner to reserve a table for 10 was quite easy, and our servers were very attentive and helpful. During happy hour, items are definitely a little slow to come out, though, so order early rather than adding items as you go.Dinner at Uchi is definitely an enjoyable, delicious, and pricey experience. Though at a resturant like Uchi, it's expected to spend quite a bit, I can't say the food was good enough to warrant comnig back for the regularly priced menu. I am curious about their omakase and other fixed menus, but outside of the Sake Social, I wouldn't reccomend Uchi for the price. However, I am eager to return in the future and sample more of their menu. 4 stars.","31":"TL;DR: Egregiously overpriced dimsum. Dishes are average at best; I'd go to dimsum king over this place any day for better food and a better price point.Fung's is consistently crowded every weekend at lunch time, and I am truly baffled as to why this is the case. Nothing here is stand out (except maybe the Peking duck, which not many people order), and dishes can be down right bad or ridiculously overpriced. If you order tea to start, you get a preview of the disappointment to come. For one pot (though you pay per person drinking the tea) of tea, you receive two tea bags in a pot of water, instead of the tea leaves served at almost every single other Chinese restaurant. Stay away.I've been here several times, but I think this past weekend's lunch will have been the last time. Nothing here really impresses; the best dish is probably the shao mai, which are maybe slightly above average. I cannot truly recommend anything else. The roast pork buns were overly sweet and lacked filling, the baked roast pork pastry was overall terrible, and everything else was average and overpriced. The worst offense was the cold wood ear salad, priced at $6.50, when at any comparable restaurant it costs maybe four bucks. Unknowing customers will order this dish from the cart, and are doomed once the server stamps the most expensive option on the ticket.To conclude, food at Fung's is like getting popcorn at a movie theatre. It's severely over priced, doesn't taste that great, but you get it because it's right in front of you and smells pretty good. Unfortunately, they don't show movies at Fung's to make me forget how much I'm being ripped off, and at least I can add butter to my popcorn to make it taste better.","32":"TL;DR: AYCE Korean bbq with pretty great quality meat for a fair price. The lunch is a great deal and has all the essentials. It gets crowded, so arrive early; service can also be a bit slow at times.Gen is exactly what you want and expect when you go to an AYCE Korean bbq place. This review is for the lunch, which comes in at $16.99, which I think is fair. The meat here isn't top notch, but it's pretty great quality for an AYCE place. The chadol (thinly sliced beef brisket) , hanjungsal (pork cheek), all the different types of samgyupsal (pork belly), Hawaiian steak, and bulgogi are all delicious, and you really can't go wrong with any of the classic kbbq offerings. Samgyupsal pieces here particularly stood out as being pretty thick and with a great ratio of fat to meat. Gen also offers raw garlic and I highly recommend getting some to cook with the meat or eat raw with the samgyupsal to make for a balanced, delicious, porky bite.Though there isn't any Kalbi at lunch, you can have your beef fix fully satisfied with the Hawaiian steak, which really seems a bit like thicker bulgogi slices, sweet and tender with significant beefy flavor. The finger ribs are basically Kalbi, with more connective tissue, and do taste akin to Kalbi, just with less large chunks of meat.The chadol actually was particularly good here, but it seemed like they ran out after the first order, and on subsequent orders we were served some thinly sliced top blade, which was okay, but leaner and not nearly as good.Even the regular premium steak (a thicc piece of flat iron) offers a pretty tasty and juicy bite if cooked correctly, and the shrimp also seem pretty fresh and are great if you don't mind peeling them. As a Houston based yelper, I'm excited to hear that Gen will be opening in Houston soon. I only hope they can retain the same level of quality as this location.","33":"Very overpriced, small, \"artisan\" donuts that (sometimes) taste marginally better than Shipleys' or any local donut shop's, but at about 2\/3 the size. Most of the specialty donuts are cake donuts that cost 3-4 dollars and have an interesting flavored frosting or topping. Unfortunately, a thin layer of coffee flavored frosting doesn't really improve upon a mediocre cake donut. If you're here, save your money and go with an original glazed for 1 dollar, or the blueberry fritter, which was actually really solid and pretty big, and the only reason this place doesn't get 1 star. To be fair, the chicken biscuit is solid, but for 6 dollars, I'd rather spend 4 dollars on an entire meal at Wendy's and hit up Shipley's afterwards.","34":"The food scene in Sugar Land seems to be growing rapidly, and I really wanted to give this place a chance. I ordered the goat chops and the other member of my party went with the hostess' recommendation of the chicken kebab, after explicitly confirming that it was a dark meat kebab, as listed on the menu. The reason this place gets one star is because neither dish was made correctly. The goat chops came out as a lamb shank, and the chicken kebab came out as 5 chunks of chicken breast. When I asked the server about the food, I was told lamb shank and goat chop were \"basically the exact same thing\" , and she didn't seem to understand that chicken thighs were not supposed to be white meat. I can't really tell if she was just trying to cover up the fact they made the order incorrectly, or if she genuinely didn't know the difference between different animals and cuts of meat. Since I didn't want to cause a hassle, we just ate the food anyway. The chicken was a little dry, as expected with chicken breast, and the lamb shank, though not terribly cooked, lacked any seasoning what so ever and left puddles of oil residue on the plate. The rice was probably the best part of the meal. To be completely fair, the decor is nice, and another table ordered some breakfast food that looked pretty decent. I'd be willing to come back after maybe a few more decent reviews come in. Hopefully, they know the difference between pancakes and toast.","35":"I've yet to encounter another place as consistently good as Sharetea. Maybe they don't have fancy cheese foam or funky boba flavors, but they do the original stuff right, and have original flavors that far surpass the competition in Houston. I love the original oolong milk and the Hokkaido brown sugar milk teas. The pearls here are hands down, the best \u00a0texture and flavor of all Chinatown. As someone who works in a bubble tea shop themselves, this is the quality I have in mind every time I cook boba, but never fully achieve. An easy 5 stars, every time.","36":"TL;DR: Really, really good Korean fried chicken. Any style of chicken is pretty good, but the soy garlic sauce is a little weak in flavor. Some of the wings are also a little small, so stray towards boneless and whole chickens. Order 1 large order for 2 people to split.After the first bite into a piece of BBQ Chicken, you can kiss your diet good bye. Maybe you told yourself you're only eating a couple pieces, but after you take the first bite of perfectly fried chicken, breaking through that crunchy layer of skin so good you could eat it on it's own, tasting the delicious sweet and spicy sauce, and getting to the juicy meat below, there's no going back. You probably scalded your mouth on that first bite because you had to wait 25 minutes for your order to be freshly fried and could wait even one more before taking a bite, but you don't care. It's that damn good. Whether you get original olive(not sauced but really damn good, especially if you enjoy a really crisp chicken skin, or want to dip in different sauces) or the sweet and spicy yangnam, your experience at bbq chicken will be amazing. I would stray away from the wings, since a couple of them seemed a little small (don't get me wrong, they were good), and just order a lot of whole chickens. The boneless bites are also a great option, as they come as pieces of thigh meat battered and fried for an easy to eat experience. There's no need to order sides here, as chicken comes with complimentary cubes of white pickled radish. Slightly sweet and vinegary, these pair really well with the chicken and actually help you eat more meat.I'm baffled by how Sunny had no business for most of Goblin, since this place is incredible. 5 stars.","37":"TL;DR: Amazing poke, compared to anywhere, not just within Houston. Really fresh fish, tasty and original sauces, an amazing selection of bases and toppings, and even free miso soup. Diced is easily one of the best restaurants I've been to in Houston. I had a large custom bowl ($12.95) and put pretty much everything in it, and it came out as a heaping bowl I thought I would be unable to finish, but after tasting the first few bites, I destroyed it within 20 minutes.Diced has a bunch of unique offerings for bases, including a rice steamed in bamboo juice, and green tea soba (both of which are great, especially the noodles if you're looking a change up from your usual order). In terms of fish, they have the standard offerings, in addition to scallop. Diced impresses me most with how fresh all the fish tasted. Protein portions aren't as big as ono, but they more than make up for it here with quality and other ingredients. These other ingredients include unique things like sweet onions, pickled Serranos, flavored tobiko, crunchy corn kernels, and chili strings, in addition to the standard things like edamame and pineapple. You can get extra of anything with no extra charge but maybe tone it down and don't get every single thing like I did, as it becomes a little hard to taste all the different components.Lastly, I tried the truffle soy dressing, which I couldn't recommend more. I paired it with some spicy aioli on the side for a bit of a kick, and the flavors and textures made Diced blow every other place out of the water. I was wondering how a place could possibly maintain a complete 5 star review with 300+ reviews, but it's easy to see why after having eaten here once. Easily the best poke I've had, hands down.","38":"TL;DR: very affordable dim sum at a very casual setting. Chashu baos and shrimp dumplings seem solid, but the pork shumai are disappointing.Won Kok is a great place for grab and go, or sit down. They offer dishes in addition to the dim sum counter, but this review is just for the dim sum items. I tried both the baked and steamed chashu bao, as well as the chicken and pork shumai and shrimp dumplings. All buns go for about a buck, and smaller items range from 60-85 cents or so.Almost everything here is solid. Baked chashu baos are big and have a good amount of filling (could use a little more) that is a perfect amount of mixture of fatty and lean meat with a the characteristic red sweet bbq sauce. Shrimp dumplings are standard, with fairly big shrimp inside, though the wrapper seemed a little thick. The chicken shumai, something I've actually never had before, were surprisingly good as well, though not as good as maybe a standard pork shumai at a regular dim sum place. The pork shumai were the one big let down, as the meat just seemed crumbly and lacked flavor. It was as if someone had stuffed pretty lean ground pork straight into a wrapper and steamed. I immediately regretted ordering more than one, but luckily each only cost about 60 cents.Overall, I'd have no problem stopping by for a quick snack if I found myself in Chinatown again, but if you're expecting super high quality food or great service, this isn't the place. Come here expecting some great, cheap dim sum, and feel free to try whatever sounds or looks good, because it probably is. 4 stars.","39":"TL;DR: Simple Korean stews, kimbap and soondae executed well at a great price point makes Ajumma an easy 5 star location. The free gejang as a banchan with your meal takes this place above and beyond.I wasn't expecting the food to be amazing when I first walked in, but I was quickly proven wrong. I ordered the dongani (beef tendon soup, $11) and shared a plate of the soondae (blood sausage, $10) with a couple others. Any stew here comes with several banchan, of which most are pretty standard, including regular napa kimchi and cubed radish kimchi. However the gejang (raw soy sauce marinated crab) is what makes this place stand out. This is a rare find in Houston, where I'm from, and pretty expensive almost anywhere else. The flavor is surprisingly clean and it has a very soft, almost gelatinous, meaty texture similar to a softer raw tuna. Paired with plain steamed rice, it definitely makes for a pretty tasty--and free--bite.The Dongani had a flavor profile very similar to Sul Lang tang, and comes as a milky white beef broth in a hot stone bowl with a bunch of large pieces of stewed beef tendon and clear glass noodles. The portions here are generous and I found myself eating a lot of tendon yet somehow still finding more pieces in the broth. Some pieces were a little tougher, but given the price and portion, it didn't warrant giving this place less than 5 stars.Soondae here comes in a pretty huge portion as well, and I would say could easily be split between 5. I also sampled the budae jigae and bulgogi kimbap and both were quite good. The Budae jigae was a little less exceptional, but certainly would hit the spot if you're feeling a hot and spicy stew. Ajumma has 2 locations so far, but I hope the third will be soon to follow (perhaps in Houston?) 5 stars.","40":"TL;DR: Really more of a 3.5. Decent regular brunch offerings, and some pretty good pancakes if you like a lot of sugar on them. Prepare for a wait if you come at peak hours. On Sunday, Snooze entertains a huge crowd at pretty much anytime between opening to the end of lunch. Why this is the case baffles me. The food is good, don't get me wrong, but it's also expensive, and makes me wish there was a good diner in Houston I could just get a regular breakfast at. I tried the Bravacado toast ($12.50) with poached eggs, as well as the sweet potato pancakes. I can attest that Snooze knows how to cook eggs properly, but I pretty much ordered the dish to eat avacado, and amount of actual avacado on the toast just made me sad. The salad was nice and paired well with the dish, the \"rustic bread\" (AKA, toast) was sourdough-ish, and the garlic oil was definitely a very tasty finishing touch. But the avacado component was a mere thin layer in addition to with a few small chunks on top of the bread, a bit like if someone had spread avacado on the toast the same way you do jelly. If the reason it's called Bravacado toast is because they're being brave with trying to get away with giving as little avacado as possible, then it is named quite aptly.As for the sweet potato pancakes, the dish was given in a portion of 2 pretty large pancakes, completely doused in a buttery warm caramel sauce and glazed pecans. The pancakes were actually extremely delicious, and cooked to a consistency that was a little gooey and underdone in a way that paired well with the rest of the components. However, I couldn't really eat more than half a pancake without feeling my blood sugar shoot through the roof, but shared among 3 people, it definitely made for a great addition to the brunch. I also sampled the sausage, omelette, and hash browns from another member of my party. They were okay, but when it comes to simple brunch items like those, I'd be pretty disappointed if they were anything less than okay. The line at Snooze, I suppose, is because there's nowhere else to go for brunch aside from IHOP or Denny's. While this place is in fact better than both of those, I'd say it wasn't by a huge margin, or one large enough to justify a long wait or hefty price tag. 3 stars.","41":"TL;DR: A little pricey for Chinatown, but certainly great Malaysian food. Try some of the fried flat noodles and get the satay if you can afford it.Malaysian cuisine is a rare find here in Houston and Banana Leaf sets itself apart from the typical East Asian spots that populate the rest of Dun Huang Plaza. I was able to try the mixed satay($8.50), Chow Kueh Teow ($9), and Beef Rendang ($14.50) on this occasion, and I would say all three dishes delivered well. The satay was by far some of the best I've had in Houston, and was an example of a simple authentic appetizer done well (albeit at a pretty high price point). The Beef Rendang came as a pretty fair portion of tender beef chunks in a dark curry that had a perfect balance of spice and richness, making it go great with the side of white rice it was paired with. The Chow Kueh Teow itself was pretty standard, as a stir fried flat noodle dish with assorted vegetables and seafood. However, it was served with a side of a very interesting and really concentrated sauce on the side that resembled XO sauce, providing an umami bomb when mixed into the noodles and honestly making the dish go from a 6 to an 8 out of 10 in my book. From seeing countless other dishes come out of the kitchen, I think it'd be safe to order almost anything at this place. Banana Leaf definitely satisfies the craving for Malaysian Food better than any other restaurant I know of, but be prepared to pay a substantial price for that service. 4 stars.","42":"TL;DR: All you can eat sushi. There are only a few places to get it in Houston, and this place delivers pretty standard quality fish, as well as some decent cooked food items as well, for only 20$ at lunch or 25$ for dinner. Sushi 9 pales in comparison to any respectable AYCE sushi place in California, but if you realize that the sushi scene in Houston is a few (or more than a few) tiers below LA, you have to give credit to Sushi 9 for offering at least a decent option for ravenous sushi lovers like myself.I came for dinner on a Saturday, and for $26, you get a good selection of nigiri, sashimi, rolls, and some cooked food, including some beef short rib. The fish here is of decent quality, and they don't attempt to stuff absurd amounts of rice into each roll or piece of nigiri. If I had to say one thing about the fish itself, it's that it all seems a little soft for some reason, but it's not off putting in a way that makes me not want to eat enough to try to put this place out of business. One particularly good item was the tuna tataki, which is simply some tuna sashimi crusted in black pepper laid in some ponzu-like dressing. The salmon sashimi here is probably my most highly recommended item from the raw selection, though they tend to cut sashimi here into extremely small pieces (however many regular sized pieces you actually want, multiply it by 3 and order that number instead). Most of the rolls were solid, too, but nothing special. The yellowtail, unfortunately, had a very distinct funk that wasn't too strong, but made me wary of ordering any more.Cooked food standouts include the Short rib (limit 1 order per person) and the beef sirloin. The pork Katsu was surprisingly quite good as well.Overall Sushi 9 is a decent addition to the Houston food scene for those who are willing to drop 25 dollars and consume mass quantities of raw fish. But if you're looking for a place just to grab a couple rolls for lunch, I'd stay away and go to another one of the great restaurants in Katy.","43":"TLDR: A lot of interesting options, some of which are a little pricey, but the sea salt foam drinks make this place stand out. 85 degrees is well known for its line of drinks with sea salt foam, but this place blows 85 well out of the water. There are far more tea options here, in the sea salt drinks and regular bubble teas. I opted for the sea salt foam oolong tea ($4.5). The sea salt foam here is noticeably denser and has a better consistency than that of 85 degrees, but the flavor profile is what propels this place well ahead of 85. The sea salt foam holds up well and doesn't immediately dissolve into the drink and the foam itself has more pronounced flavor with a touch of sweetness that prevents it from being overly savory. Combined with a decent oolong base, which actually tastes like tea as opposed to the tea flavored water at 85, it makes for a solid beverage and good change of pace from your typical boba order. The only reason this is a 4 star review is because the price is a little hefty. However, the words printed in cocoa powder on the foam make it marginally more worth it, especially if you're looking for a cool Instagram post or Snapchat to remind your friends you're enjoying this pretty dope drink and they aren't.","44":"TL;DR: some of the best $3 tacos. Go for the carnitas for a juicy, flavorful, and generously portioned taco. Oh, and they also give free sample tacos.Villa Moreliana is clearly a contender in Grand Central Market, as it maintains a solid line at almost all times despite being positioned next to the very well known (and overpriced) Eggslut. Once you've tasted the tacos, it's easy to see why.The slow roasted pork butt is displayed in the front and you can see how tender it is when the servers literally grab the meat and pull it off the bone with minimal effort to assemble tacos. When you're next in like, he pulls a hand full of the meat and shoves it into a warm tortilla and gives it to you for free, which is dangerous because tasting it will likely prompt you to order much more than you can finish.The carnitas taco you order is packed with even more meat, literally filled up to the brim of the shell, making the double corn tortilla absolutely necessary. The quantity isn't compensating for lack of flavor, though, as the meat itself has a great rich porky flavor that come from lean and tender meat, delicious pieces of pork fat that melt in your mouth, and small pieces of skin that give the experience another textural component. Add a touch of the lime and some of the freshly made salsa next to where you order, and this is undoubtedly a 5 star taco. The only thing that could possibly make this experience better is a free taco, which Villa Moreliana happily supplies. As you're approaching the front of the line, someone will prepare a taco and literally just hold it out for anyone to take. You can wait to enjoy it with the rest of your order, but there's no shame in stuffing your face on the spot. An easy 5 stars.","45":"TLDR: Delicious, homemade Icecream at a high price. If you're willing to splurge ,though, I highly recommend the dark chocolate.I came here for Amy's \"Free Icecream Day\" promotion on national Icecream day with another person and was able to try the Dark chocolate and maple bourbon flavors, with cookie dough mixed in. This place is by no means cheap, at around 5 dollars plus tax for a small (6 oz) and one topping, but I would argue it's well worth it every once in a while.First off, the Icecream here is served at a noticeably higher temperature than most places. When slightly tempered like this, though, the icecream is easier to eat and has a better mouth feel and texture, making it just more enjoyable overall.The ice cream bases here are definitely well crafted. Amy's offers a variety of flavors with some that rotate, but they always have classics (though they don't have many fruit flavors, if that's your thing). The dark chocolate was very, very rich, with a robust chocolate flavor that coated my entire palette. A small could easily have been shared between two for a dessert this decadent, and it was probably some of the best chocolate ice cream I've ever had.The maple bourbon was a flavor I actually liked more, with a hint of bourbon throughout that really complimented the initial sweetness of the maple base. However, this one was served a little too above temperature, and it didn't have the fat content to hold up as long as the dark chocolate. It pretty much had melted before I had taken more than 5 bites, which was a shame. If I hadn't gotten to sample another flavor, I might have knocked another star off because of my experience. The flavor itself, though, really was excellent.Lastly, the cookie dough, which seems homemade, is way better than the uniform balls at Ben and Jerry's, and simply just tastes like good as heck cookie dough. Get it if you like sweet things.Amy's does icecream flavors right, and the staff here is cheerful and makes it a nice place for people of all ages to come. I often settle for the tub of dreyers when I want ice cream, but having been to Amy's, I'm inclined to come back and try more flavors. 4 stars.","46":"TLDR: pretty decently fresh fish and portion sizes for an very affordable price. No one thing stands out as particularly good or bad, but the Chirashi bowl is a steal for under $13.I've been to Hokkaido a few times now, and have gotten to sample a variety of the nigiri, sushi rolls,handrolls, and cooked entrees as well. This place does very well, and it's easy to see why. The tuna or salmon nigiri is $1.25 per piece, the salmon teriyaki is less than 10 bucks, and I've yet to see a chirashi bowl anywhere else for 12 and change. However, Hokkaido doesn't sacrifice portion size or quality to compensate for the prices. Nigiri here are decently sized and while they maybe are not the best I've had, I certainly cannot find a particular gripe with them. Chirashi bowls are probably a go to order for me here, though. They cut pieces fish here a little too big, but since the quality is decent, it's certainly forgivable for such a low price.I tried the grilled Saba on this occasion, which seemed pretty unpopular, so I was surprised to see it executed so well here. The skin was slightly crispy, and the meat is firm, flakes well and remains succulent without being dry. The only part of Hokkaido's menu I find strange is the sheer size of the sushi rolls. Many of them have the diameter closer to a small burrito. Usually, all sushi is a one-biter, but you'll see a few people here awkwardly trying to cut one piece in half, or deal with taking a bite out of their roll and consuming all the fish in the first bite, or having it falling apart into a mess on the plate. That being said, they're still cheap and tasty.Hokkaido's free miso soup and red bean dessert soup also make you really feel like you get your money's worth. However, at the end of the day, Hokkaido is just another cheaper sushi place; there are more than a few in Houston. If you're a bit more of a penny pincher like me, and you agree that having to deal with oversized mouth fulls of spicy tuna isn't much of a problem, I would recommend this place in a heart beat. 4 stars","47":"TLDR: This is as authentic as it gets in regards to Chinese food in Houston. Be sure to order the spicy crispy chicken (la zi ji ding), and try whatever else looks good; it probably is. Mala Sichuan is a consistently good place to get your Sichuan food fix. In my opinion, it holds the prize for most authentic cuisine, too, and I've yet to try something actually bad here. On this occasion, I was able to try a number of dishes, but on this review I'll only mention the dishes I haven't tried before or are not as popularClassics here like include mapo tofu, water boiled fish or beef, and the spicy crispy chicken (a must get, in my opinion). Don't be afraid of 3 spice peppers; that's what you came here for. I actually think some dishes could be even more spicy.This time, I tried the spicy eggplant, cumin lamb, kungpao chicken, shrimp fried rice. Though I generally dislike eggplant, I found it to actually be especially tasty here. For a vegetarian option, I would say it is also a must order. The sauce makes the dish; it's spicy, sweet, and savory, combining with tender eggplant to perfectly complement a bowl of white rice. The Cumin lamb was also something I would reccomend trying, given you like lamb. It has a pretty strong flavor and serves as a nice contrast to the usual meat dishes. The flavor profile of the dish is also a little different from the typical Sichuan dish, and isn't as \"ma\" (describing the numbing spiciness), providing a nice contrast. The kung pao chicken was exceptionally good, in my opinion. Mala's execution is definitely more authentic than any other place in Houston. Personally, it isn't as spicy as I would like; the sauce errs on the sweeter side. Nevertheless, the kungpao is still great option if you're not into deep fried food or are feeling something a little less spicy.I've yet to encounter another place serving Chinese cuisine from a province other than Sichuan that can match Mala in terms of authenticity and flavor for the given price. 4 stars or better, every time. Tip: cash payments are also 5% off the total bill.","48":"TLDR: This place is worth a visit if you've never had soup dumplings, but nothing else really stands out apart from the cool decor and fancy chopsticks. Go for the \"dancing\" dishes if you're already here, though.Modern Bao is a restaurant that first attracted me with their soup dumplings. In my opinion, Houston suffers from a lack of good, affordable Chinese food outside of Sichuan cuisine. While there are a few select spots (One Dragon stands out), Modern Bao seemed like a place with the potential to stand out. My party ordered the dancing beef dish, dancing pork belly, soup dumplings, pan fried buns (Shen jian bao), and the jasmine tea smoked duck. Almost everything tasted pretty good in my opinion, but the flavors, portion sizes, and cool looking utensils at Wanna Bao just weren't enough to justify the price. The soup dumplings, in my opinion deliver. They are pricier than Din Tai Fung, at $8.50 for 6 dumplings, but I would say that's the best you'll find in Houston at a reasonable price. They were fairly big, and had plenty of soup inside. The broth fell a little flat for me, and I think could have used a little more fat, and the wrapper maybe could have been a touch thinner, but i'm yet to try soup dumplings in Houston that are better than Wanna Bao's.The \"dancing\" meat dishes are a cool (and pricey) gimmick. The dish arrives as rice crackers on a plate, and the meat and sauce is poured on top, causing the rice to pop (and dance, I suppose). To be fair, though, they do taste pretty good. Both the beef and pork belly dishes($17 and $16, respectively) were cooked in a delicious savory dark sauce and tender meat. Despite the beef being little spicier and leaner and the pork belly much richer and on the sweeter side, the crisped rice worked well in both, providing contrast to the strong flavors of both sauces. These were the best dishes we ordered, by far. For $16, I was expecting a dish that had a lot more pork than crunchy rice, though. The smoked duck was a dish that simply confused me. I had seen the item before, but never served like a Peking duck with the wrappers and hoisin, and never 24$for a half duck. The meat itself tasted okay and I appreciated the smokiness, but the combination of an overly thick wrapper, chewy duck skin, and unrendered fat, made me realize the best part about this dish was the presentation and rosy pink color of the meat.While the pan fried buns were crispy, and presented on a cool looking skillet, they lacked any flavor whatsoever. At $8.50, I wasn't expecting a hollow crispy dough ball, either, and would have liked much more filling. Unfortunately, Wanna Bao wasn't the cool modern Shanghainese restaurant I imagined it to be. Given their execution of the soup dumplings and meat dishes, I would say it has potential, but I would like to see more flavor in their dishes than in the decor. 3 stars.","49":"TLDR: An authentic Shanghainese\/dimsum Restaurant with a great lunch special that is a bit of a hidden gem. Amazing shao mai, and pretty decent dishes. I initially came upon Sarah Place when looking for soup dumplings. After viewing a couple of the pictures on yelp, I knew I had to try them, and headed over that day for lunch. Our party ordered the Shao Mai, soup dumplings (xiao long bao), the Mongolian Beef, Shrimp and Lobster sauce, sauteed snow pea leaves, and Sesame Balls (ma qiu) for dessert. Sarah Place's menu is pretty big, and I would say it is quite similar to Fufu's, but with a few more Shanghainese dishes. However, it also has a good selection of dimsum, too, which makes this place unique. By far, the best thing I ordered was the Shao Mai ($3.50), which were huge, meaty, and juicy. Shao Mai aren't typically a stand out dish and there isn't much variation between the different offerings in Houston, but I would say these are particularly good and are a must order here. Dishes here are nothing extraordinary, just simple food executed well. The Mongolian beef ($6.25 for lunch) was particularly good, and had plenty of beef and was well seasoned, as opposed to many places that enjoy lathering a plate of mostly vegetables in an overly salty or sweet sauce. The Fish in Lobster sauce was also cooked well and again had a surprisingly generous amount of meat, along with a nice addition of wood ear mushrooms and stir fried vegetables.The biggest let down of my meal was the soup dumplings. When the steamer arrived at the table, I was already disappointed. The dumpling wrappers (save for one) had all had broken, \u00a0and the juice had clearly spilled out of the tears. The one that hadn't broken actually had a lot of soup, but the skins, though clearly hand made, were far too thick. Worst of all, at the top had not been sealed correctly and resulted in a chewy dough ball at the top of every dumpling. At more than one dollar per dumpling, I was almost inclined to send it back. The Sesame Balls were actually particularly good here, and were probably some of the best I had in Houston, mostly because they were pretty large without being overly greasy. All in all, though I didn't get what I came for, Sarah Place is definitely somewhere I will be returning and a place I believe deserves more business. Some of the more authentic Shanghainese dishes like braised pork belly or the salt toasted pork chops looked pretty darn good. Based on other Yelper's experiences, there seems to be a lot of variation in the soup dumplings, but I wouldn't risk wasting 7 bucks on them. Get two orders of the Shao Mai instead, and thank me later.","50":"Yoyo's is a tried and true Houston favorite. Whether you're cramming for a final and need a late-night pick me up, out with friends and want to grab something to eat, or need something greasy and delicious to balance out that salad you ate a couple weeks ago, Yoyo's is the place for you.The concept is simple, and executed well. An all beef Nathan's hot dog cut open, grilled, lathered in delicious sauces and toppings, served atop a warm bun. The flavors and textures come together to form a great flavor combination. The snap of the beef frank and it's juicy interior combines with the crunch of fried onions, sweet caramelized onion, and a hit of spicy mayo, curry ketchup, along with some other delicious seasonings and toppings I was unable to identify. It is a well executed balance of savory, spicy, and slightly sweet, without actually being overly heavy. Yes, Yoyo's lives up to the hype. But is it worth the 20+ minute long wait outside (and others behind us in line waited even longer) and close to 5 bucks for just a hot dog? The answer, for me, is maybe, and only once in a while. I can't say that it was a huge hot dog that suffices as a meal on its own for the average male, but it's a solid late night snack that's worth visiting at least once with a good group of friends. Order a hot dog, enjoy every bite of it, and think about that salad a few weeks ago as you get in line to order another. Or just order two the first time, it's up to you.","51":"TLDR: A small Japanese place serving decent quality sushi and standard japanese fare at a very affordable price point. Great service and plenty of potential. I would liken this restaurant most closely to Hokkaido in Chinatown. Fukuoka offers a larger menu with very affordable sushi ($2.50 for two pieces of salmon, tuna, and some other nigiri!), as well as the ordinary Japanese hot food items, in addition to some more interesting options (including a filet mignon katsu). I've been to this place two times now, and have tried the chirashi as well as the salmon teriyaki. For only $15, the chirashi bowl includes a great variety of fish that apparently changes a little every time. In addition to the more common types of fish like salmon and tuna, the bowl comes with yellowtail, ikura, octopus, eel and a few other interesting types of fish that typically won't be found in a chirashi this cheap. This menu item alone makes this place worth the visit; you'll find it on the specials menu board though, and not the regular menu. The salmon teriyaki comes with a bowl of rice and like many of the other hot food items, a side of vegetable tempura. The tempura I found to be executed a little better here than the average cheap Japanese restaurant, far less greasy and not battered to heavily. The Salmon was also cooked well, pan seared and skin crisped. It actually came glazed in the teriyaki sauce and not just fried with some sauce poured over it, which is often the standard at places like this. The portion was also pretty large, too.I couldn't resist ordering a couple pieces of the salmon nigiri given Fukuoka's price point. While they were nothing too special, they would certainly get the job done for a sushi craving if you don't want to deal with the traffic to Chinatown or the considerable toll on your wallet Japanese food often takes.Lastly, the service at Fukuoka deserves a mention. Our waiter checked up on us often on both occasions, in addition to the manager dropping by and asking us how our meal was. As it stands, Fukuoka has great potential to serve the area around Rice University, and I'm excited to come back and sample some of their more interesting menu items. 4 stars, but I see potential for it to be 5.","52":"TLDR: a trendy new joint offering Cheese Foam tea at a slightly above average price point. Stay away from the drinks with the boba pearls, though.The bubble tea scene in Houston has undergone rapid expansion in the last half a year alone, and plenty of new trendy places have popped up all over China town. Yet so far, in my opinion, none have managed to surpass my favorite store, ShareTea, in quality or taste. Modern Tea's approach seems to be putting out products with a more premium quality and as their name would imply, modern flair.The main draw of Modern Tea is the cheese foam teas, and the fact that they use higher quality tea bases. To many that haven't heard of cheese foam, the name is off putting. I've actually tried it in bubble tea stores in China and Taiwan over the past few years, and it's a fairly new trend that I recommend trying least once.The cheese cap is composed of a heavy cream, cream-cheese\/cheesecake like foam that is a great combination of savory and sweet. Here, they actually let you sample the foam on it's own before ordering, but it tastes best when in contrast with a slightly sweetened tea below. In my opinion, it's far better than 85 Degrees' (highly overrated) Sea Salt foam.In terms of the tea itself, Modern Tea offers a. interesting selection of typically more expensive teas. Their menu even includes a Japanese Gyokuro and Pu er, which I've never encountered at a bubble tea place. Cheese foam tea has a base tea that you can really taste when ordered with less sugar, since no creamer is added. The charcoal Oolong I ordered was actually pretty tasty and had maybe a slightly more robust and deep flavor than a regular tea shops offering. Combined with the Cheese foam, it made for a pretty great drink over all.I've yet to try Cheese foam tea as good as the one here, and I'd say Modern Tea puts itself well ahead of the pack with its product. Unfortunately, I would only order the cheese tea here or maybe the fruit drinks. I sampled some of the actual boba, and the pearls were both hard and not sweetened at all, lacking the texture and flavor that most people really want when they say they want \"boba\". Lastly, be prepared to shell out a little more for a cup of tea here. The price for a cheese foam tea is \u00a0between $4 and $4.50 which isn't too bad, but the size of the cup is about 70 percent the size of ShareTea's.While Modern Tea doesn't come close to dethroning ShareTea, I'd be willing to come back for the Cheese Foam and to sample some of the other tea varieties. Come here if you're looking for a change of pace from your usual boba spot, or you get tired of chewing your drinks.","53":"TLDR: A great place featuring Chinese BBQ skewers, but the dishes here are sure to impress. Get the lamb skewers, Big Plate Chicken, and a noodle dish if you're really hungry, but stay away from the beef skewers. The main draw of the place is the Chinese BBQ skewer selection, which takes up the entire first page of the menu, but the dishes here are pleasantly surprising and certainly worth a try. On this occasion, I tried the lamb, beef, beef tendon, and chicken gizzard skewers. The grill that lays atop the table isn't for cooking the meat, but rather just a fancy surface that your skewers lie on top of in order to keep warm. Though I was most excited about the skewers, they were mediocre at best. The lamb was by far the tastiest of the bunch, covered the great, cumin-y rub definitive of Xin Jiang cuisine, and having a perfect meat to fat ratio. The tendon was inconsistent, featuring some pieces with a perfect, gelatinous texture, and others that were just far too soft or inexplicably hard and crunchy. Having never had gizzard, I can only best describe it as a bit like clam meat with a crunch, but it was mediocre at best. The beef skewers, however, were a huge disappointment, as all 3 I tried were extremely tough and chewy. I will say, though, that portion sizes were quite fair, and each skewer fairly substantial. Xin Jiang BBQ does offer a huge selection of skewers (including bull testicles, if you're feeling adventurous), so I'd recommend sampling at least a few varieties. Stick to the lamb, though, for the majority of your order.In my opinion, the dishes are where this place actually shone the most. Our party ordered the grilled enoki, grilled eggplant (these were listed on the skewer side of the menu), noodle soup with pork and pickled greens, and the Big Plate Chicken, the last one being a classic Xin Jiang dish. Xin Jiang BBQ does an excellent job in packing tons of flavor into their dishes, and they taste authentic and well seasoned. The grilled enoki had a seasoning rub reminiscent of the classic cumin-y rub on the skewers, but with a little more kick that elevated it. While I am not usually a fan of eggplant, this places' rendition features tons of roasted garlic on top, making it one of the only times I went back for seconds for an eggplant dish.Having lived in China myself and sampled the chicken dish and the noodles in an authentic setting, I can attest that this place does a pretty good job. The Big Plate chicken comes in a heaping bowl with potatoes, peppers, and cut up chicken drumsticks in a delicious, spicy, gravy, with thick cut noodles on the side to mix in afterwards. The noodles with pork and pickled greens featured a clear broth that actually had great flavor, rather than the standard salty, watery liquid that accompanies many clear-broth noodle dishes in Houston's China Town. Though it wasn't my favorite dish, I can easily recommend it as a great noodle soup.To top it all off, this place prices pretty farily, too. As the only place I've yet to visit in Houston that can serve great Xin Jiang food, I'd easily come in if I had a craving for skewers, and I'm excited to try some of the other dishes. Load up on the lamb and get the Big Plate Chicken, and I'm fairly sure you could feed 2-3 for about $10 a person. My only beef with this place is that theirs was terrible.","54":"TLDR: huge portions of simple American diner-esque food done pretty well. Barnaby's has multiple locations around Houston, all of which seem to be pretty popular and highly acclaimed on yelp, so I had relatively high expectations going in. After taking our server's recommendations, I ordered the Chicken Mill Valley ($16) with sweet potato fries (+1 dollar for substitution from regular fries), and the two other people at the table ordered the mushroom swiss burger ($14) and lasagna ($15).The burger and chicken dish both arrived covered in a giant pile of fries, which literally overflowed onto the table. Luckily, they were hot, freshly fried, and well seasoned, making the comically large portion a pro. My entr\u00e9e, which lacked any clear description on the menu, was described by our server as \"some of the best chicken in Houston\", which I was skeptical of since it was under a grilled chicken breast section of the menu. Fear not, though, this dish certainly was not fit to be part of any diet; the chicken comes covered in a spinach and artichoke dip and four melted slices of swiss cheese. The chicken itself was cooked well and was moist and juicy, a feat that often eludes most restaurants that try to serve breast meat. The dish as a whole, though definitely pretty heavy with all the rich toppings and mountain of fries, was certainly quite delicious. I was a little baffled by the small side of applesauce accompanying my chicken that tasted pretty much like apple pie filling, but I suppose that was okay too, if you like eating apple pie filling on its own. I also sampled some of the burger, which was pretty hefty, and properly cooked to the ordered medium. The lasagna, which was also highly praised by our server, seemed to me not very composed, and did not resemble a traditional lasagna. Though the ingredients themselves in the dish seemed fine, it tasted and looked like lots of sauce on top of lots of meat and cheese, with a hint of pasta. However, the person who ordered it seemed to enjoy it. I came here on a Monday afternoon close to 2 pm, thinking it would be towards the end of a lunch rush, but the place was still packed when we arrived. After this visit, it's easy to see why that was the case. Come hungry and be prepared to leave with a take-out box anyway.","55":"TLDR: Authentic chinese food in large portions, but not every dish delivers.When it comes to authentic Chinese food in Sugar Land, there are no good, clean, sit down restaurants that come to mind. Little Shanghai helps fill that niche quite nicely.Our party ordered four dishes for dinner: scrambled egg and shrimp, kung pao chicken, sauteed bok choy with garlic, and the wonton soup.The kungpao chicken ($10.95) was easily the best of the four dishes, with plenty of tender chicken and flavor without being overly greasy. Though it could have used a touch more spice, I would order it again.The scrambled egg and shrimp ($12.95) however, were a little dissapointing. Though the eggs were cooked properly and still fairly runny and the shrimp seemed to be firm and had good texture, something was off about the seasoning. Though Shanghai cuisine usually errs on the sweeter side, the eggs had clearly been mixed with far too much sugar. The shrimp, on the other hand, were far over salted, and had me downing an entire glass of water every few bites.The bokchoy with garlic ($8.95)was average, i and the wonton soup ($5.95) was nothing special either. I would note to others unfamiliar with Shanghainese wontons that they are mostly composed of the wonton skin and have very little filling, making it more of a noodle soup.Steamed white rice was complementary, which was nice, and the portion sizes were quite large. One dish alone could easily feed two for lunch. This place shows promise, and I would visit again to try some of the more authentic Shanghainese dishes.","56":"Ruggles Green used to be by far my favorite restaurant in Sugar Land. When they decided to switch their name to Bellagreen, I assumed that it was only the name, and not the quality of food that would change. However, after a few visits, I learned that this was not the case. I don't normally write yelp reviews, but after my dinner experience today in particular, I now feel obligated to warn others in Sugar Land. Between the three of us in my party today, we ordered the all natural beef burger, the 44 farms burger (a seasonal special), and the BBQ chicken skewers (also a seasonal special). The burgers here used to be juicy, perfectly cooked to order, and fairly large. During recent visits they had been overcooked but not egregiously so. However, this time both burgers, which were both ordered medium, were far past well done. The all natural beef burger, in particular, had been reduced to a dry, grey mass that resembled a hockey puck, and a pretty small hockey puck at that. Even so, the horribly cooked burgers were not the worst offenders at dinner tonight. The BBQ chicken skewers, priced at almost 15 dollars (which is in the medium-high price range for the menu), were an utter disgrace. The two skewers together, totaling maybe three ounces of very dry meat, were laid atop a \"quinoa salad\" that can only best be described as greens tossed with maybe a tablespoon of quinoa and some overly sweet peach vinaigrette.The only redeeming thing about dinner today were the fries that accompanied the burgers, and the fact you don't have to leave a tip.","57":"TLDR: The food itself is just about on par with any other high end steak house, but service pales in comparison.Having only been to steak houses of this price point on the west coast, I was eager to try a real New York Steak House. Unfortunately, Porter House Bar and Grill was a little underwhelming. My party of five ordered the shrimp cocktail to start, and two of their signature dry aged Porter House steaks to share, as well as sides of the black truffle mashed potatoes and french fries.Before our food came out, our party was served some complementary cheddar biscuits. These pretty much tasted akin to Red Lobster's, but they were smaller and slightly less buttery. An assortment of more regular sliced breads were also served, but they were nothing special and the butter served with them was hard as a rock.The shrimp cocktail was fairly average, served four to an order with a side of house made cocktail sauce. The shrimp were fresh and decently large, but to me, just not worth over 20 dollars. The porter house itself came out cooked to a perfect medium, with a great sear and crust formed. Certainly a great steak, my only complaint perhaps being that it could have used some salt. The black truffle mashed potatoes were also quite delicious, finished with a generous grating of real black truffle. I would recommend them, especially in comparison to my other side. The french fries, at 12 dollars, while not bad, were very comparable to Wendy's fries that one could purchase multiple bags of for the same price. Definitely not recommended. Where Porter House Bar and Grill falls short is service. Our party had made a reservation, and was seated promptly, but I would say that's about where the service stopped. Our server did not introduce herself, and failed to return to the table until we had just about finished both Porter Houses (which a different person had brought to the table), only then realizing she had forgotten our side of fries. By the time they came, the rest of the food had been finished. I usually don't take service into account very much when writing reviews, but at the price this place demands, I expect it to be at least a little better than a local diner. For me, Porter House was a bit of a let down, but I admit they can cook a great steak. However, I would reckon there are much more established great New York steakhouses where your money would be better spent.","58":"Hands down, best haircut Ive had. If you're like me and dont want to drop loads of money on a haircut, but still want to present yourself well, this is the place to come. The barber here provides a cut that definitely seems like it should cost way more than the 14 dollars he charged (includes shave, styling as well). I suggest calling in to maybe reserve an appointment since he is the only barber, and in the time I recieved my cut, 3 others already had started lining up. Personally, I would be willing to wait anyway."}}